API "Source" to "Endpoint" (#349)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/gft.md

# Google Flu Trends

This is the documentation of the API for accessing the Google Flu Trends (`gft`) endpoint of
the [Delphi](https://delphi.cmu.edu/)'s epidemiological data.

General topics not specific to any particular endpoint are discussed in the
[API overview](README.md). Such topics include:
[contributing](README.md#contributing), [citing](README.md#citing), and
[data licensing](README.md#data-licensing).

## Google Flu Trends Data

> Estimate of influenza activity based on volume of certain search queries. Google has discontinued Flu Trends, and this is now a static endpoint.
>  - Endpoint: [Google](https://www.google.org/flutrends/)

Reviewer: (more specific, and another citation)

```suggestion
Estimate of influenza activity based on volume of certain search queries. Google has discontinued Flu Trends, and this is now a static dataset.
 - Data source: [Google](https://www.google.org/flutrends/)
```

Author: ```suggestion
Estimate of influenza activity based on volume of certain search queries. Google has discontinued Flu Trends, and this is now a static endpoint.
 - Source: [Google](https://www.google.org/flutrends/)
```
